---
layout: default
collection: jobs
title: CTO
date: '2015-03-09'
---

# CTO

### Wanted: Remote CTO at growing and profitable bootstrapped startup 

After four years of trial-and-error, we’re poised to be an overnight success. We’re looking for a CTO to help lead our team to the next stage of growth. 

THE PROBLEM

Companies spend billions of dollars a year on workplace programs like wellness, trainings, and communications. They’re hard to make, and most people ignore them because they’re told about them via dense, practically unreadable emails. It’s a big problem that impacts almost every company. 

WHAT WE'RE DOING ABOUT IT

Our product is like Pinterest for HR: It helps create engaging workplace programs that feel like a fun app. You can try it here: https://www.airbo.com/ard/wellness-starter-kit

WHY YOU MIGHT LIKE TO WORK WITH US

If you’re excited by the idea of building a new product and company, this is a unique opportunity.

You can join Airbo at an early enough stage that you can shape the organization. There's no bureaucracy and almost no hierarchy. 

Yet, we’re at a late enough stage that we’ve proven that companies want what we’re building, which is usually the biggest risk to joining a startup.

Because we’re generating revenue, we can afford to pay you above market rate, and because we’re bootstrapped, we can offer founder-level equity.

Finally, though we’re currently co-located, we’re moving to a remote work environment, so you can have all of this from the comfort of your home office. 

With clients like Fujifilm and Everyday Health signed up, we have a lot of fun and interesting stuff coming up by way of refining the product and making it scale along with our customer base. 

WHO WE'RE LOOKING FOR

We need someone with 5 or more years experience at all levels of a typical Ruby on Rails stack, most definitely including automated testing--preferably with RSpec. 

It would also be ideal if you have significant experience with Delayed::Job, Postgres, New Relic, and Heroku. 

Other skills that we would look kindly upon include Mongo, Redis, Rails caching, and Sass.

Finally, you need to have some experience working remotely in the past. 

Please send a resume and code samples/links to Github to [Phil Darnowsky](mailto:phil@airbo.com). Or, if you have any questions, please feel free to ask at the same address.

Posted {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}

{% include jobs_disclaimer.html %}
